Prefer NTFS for Windows (#468)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/installing.adoc

Windows::
* Windows 8 or later (x64)

> ** When using external drives storing the synchronisation data, it is highly recommended to format these drives with NTFS and not with FAT. This is because the FAT filesystem has many limitations which can cause unexpected or unwanted behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** When using external drives storing the synchronization data, it is highly recommended to format these drives with NTFS and not with FAT. This is because the FAT filesystem has many limitations which can cause unexpected or unwanted behavior.
```

> ** For xref:vfs.adoc[VFS support], Windows 10 versions 1709 or later. When using external drives,  NTFS is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** For xref:vfs.adoc[VFS support], Windows 10 versions 1709 or later. When using external drives, NTFS is required.
```
